it's a yacht this is 68 looks like it's
got a 427 beautiful car
crazy lowered head to catch a sissy a
station then got here a lady looks back
right into it
just plain interior you know there you
go
that's what makes you chase it down
you don't see a lot of these 68 you know
used to be all over cheap sure they
still are bargain by
all exist
like crazy
should draw her out
go car see if I find out more powers got
Oh like a card will look back yeah I
believe we were just gonna die no oh wow
I got you how many pounds of boost to
your uh Nintendo will be run down the
stripper got anything like that with it
no I got you even I told him man thanks
for letting us shoot we were gonna come
over by this thing pretty cheap are we
yeah
anyways there you go
68 Impala from Pigeon Forge rod run 2013
hope y'all enjoyed it
see
you